1.(http/https)://2.(www.something.com):3(port)/4.(routes/endpoints)?5.(query parameters)[apikey={value}&singer=The%20Weeknd]

1. protocol - set of rules that the website has to follow to send or receive info from us
2. domain - it is the ip address under a familiar name which we call the domain 
3. port - it is the specific part of the computer that is exposed to the internet.
Up until point number 3 these were the necessary parts of the link after this everything is optional


4. routes/endpoints - these are specific locations or webpages within the same website that gives us information and sometimes it can also take information
This part of the link might not be necessary but it is there in 99% of the websites around the world.

5. query parameters - they are like the inputs of a function we can give whatever we want as a variable and the link just like a function would do, it gives us the information according to that input and then again sometimes it can also take information.
Unlike functions where we can directly give the value in case of query parameters of a link we need to give the name of the variable then an equals to sign and then the value.

If our link needs to have commas or spaces we replace those characters with some other special characters that are allowed in a link so for space it is %20 and for comma it is %2c.


These are all visible parts of a link.

Now comes additional information of a link that is not visible in the link itself.
So the sensitive informations of a link are sent via headers.

6. headers -  they are the hidden information of a link that is not visible in the link itself mostly due to security reasons.
There are multiple parts of the headers-
a. Content-Type: It shows us the data type of the information that we are trying to send or receive
b. Authorization : The most important part of headers.

















Things done in frontend -
Todo list with DOM manipulation but no local storage
Stop watch with set and clear interval
Find the weather of various countries using API and local storage
Date object has not been done
Math object done
CORS error is not done 

Things needed to be done in our frontend - 
Basic, Bearer token authentication
CORS error in API
Date object in more details along with time formats
Callback function/ Anonymous functions